par support (#3122)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/oidc/index.md

| response_type                    | Any combination of `code`, `token`, and `id_token`. The combination determines the [flow](/docs/concepts/oauth-openid/#recommended-flow-by-application-type).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Query       | String    | TRUE       |
| response_mode                    | How the authorization response should be returned. [Valid values](#parameter-details): `fragment`, `form_post`, `query` or `okta_post_message`. If `id_token` or `token` is specified as the response type, then `query` isn't allowed as a response mode. Defaults to `fragment` in implicit and hybrid flows. | Query       | String    | FALSE      |

> | request_uri                      | Location where the authorization request payload data is referenced in an authorize request to the `/authorize` endpoint.         | Query       | JWT       | FALSE      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| request_uri                      | Location where the authorization request payload data is referenced in an authorization request to the `/authorize` endpoint.         | Query       | JWT       | FALSE      |
```

https://www.example.com/#error=invalid_scope&error_description=The+requested+scope+is+invalid%2C+unknown%2C+or+malformed
```

### /par

<ApiOperation method="post" url="${baseUrl}/v1/par" />

> **Note:** This endpoint's base URL varies depending on whether you are using a custom authorization server. For more information, see [Composing your base URL](#composing-your-base-url).

> The pushed authorization request endpoint (`/par`) promotes OAuth security by allowing the authorization server to authenticate the client before any user interaction happens. The increased confidence in the client's identity during the authorization process allows the authorization server to refuse illegitimate requests much earlier in the process. This prevents attempts to spoof clients or otherwise tamper with or misuse an authorization request and provides a simple way to make a confidential and integrity-protected authorization request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pushed authorization request endpoint (`/par`) promotes OAuth security by allowing the authorization server to authenticate the client before any user interaction happens. The increased confidence in the client's identity during the authorization process means the authorization server can refuse illegitimate requests much earlier in the process. This process prevents attempts to spoof clients or otherwise tamper with or misuse an authorization request and provides a simple way to make a confidential and integrity-protected authorization request.
```

The `/par` endpoint allows an OAuth 2.0 client to push the payload of an authorize request directly to the authorization server. The authorization server provides a request URI value in the response. The request URI is used as a reference to the authorization request payload data in a subsequent call to the `/authorize` endpoint through a user agent.

#### Request Parameters

> The same request parameters are accepted as the [/authorize](#authorize) endpoint except for the `request_uri` parameter, which you can't pass as a parameter to this endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoint accepts the same request parameters as the [/authorize](#authorize) endpoint, except for the `request_uri` parameter.
```

| temporarily_unavailable     | The server is temporarily unavailable, but should be able to process the request at a later time.                          |
| unsupported_response_type   | The specified response type is invalid or unsupported.                                                                                     |
| unsupported_response_mode   | The specified response mode is invalid or unsupported. This error is also thrown for disallowed response modes. For example, if the query response mode is specified for a response type that includes `id_token`. |

[OpenID Connect spec error codes](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthError)

| Error Id             | Details                                                                                           |
| :------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| insufficient_scope   | The access token provided doesn't contain the necessary scopes to access the resource.           |

#### Request examples

> The following pushed authorization request initiates the flow. The request returns a `request_uri` that you can use as the `request_uri` parameter in the authorize request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following pushed authorization request initiates the flow. The request returns a `request_uri` that you can use as the `request_uri` parameter in the authorization request.
```
